Please Enter your team's full names and your answers to the questions marked by QS questions here!

Team Names: Kevin Nguyen, Ibrahim Mohammad

QS1.1: explain the implementation of ReflexAgent  in multiAgents.py and how you improved it.
- We tracked distance to the food as well as distance to the ghosts, and iterated a score by rewarding if we were close to food, and by
penalizing if we were close to ghosts. Additionally, we needed to reward chasing ghosts when they were scared, so we added a condition for that.
We also penalized stopping so the player would stay in motion.

QS1.2: What is your value function and why do you think this estimation makes sense?
- Our value function rewards states that are closer to food, farther from non-scared ghosts, have less food remaining on the board, and penalizes
stopping. This makes sense because tracking ghost distances keeps pacman alive and tracking food ensures he finishes the game.

QS2.1: Explain your algorithm. Why do you think it is working?
- Our minimax algorithm recursively calls itself by first checking for the max value of a turn (pacmans turn) then checking for the min value(ghosts).
We continue to recursively call until we reach our specified depth, or we reach a terminal state. This works because we explore all outcomes and 
can find the best path for pacman.

QS 3.1: The AlphaBetaAgent minimax values should be identical to the MinimaxAgent minimax values.  Explain why.
- The logic for both algorithms is the same, the only difference is alpha-beta looks to prune trees that are unnecessary to traveres. 

QS 3.2: explain your strategy for breaking a tie.
- If we encounter 2 moves that have equally high scores, our algorithm picks the first one. This is natural because when we loop through the 
getLegalActions(), we do not update bestAction unless it is a higher value. Since they are equal, the first one found doesn't get updated and 
that is what we use.

QS 4.1: Explain your Expectimax algorithm
- Instead of expecting our opponent to play perfectly like we do in minimax, we expect an average case outcome. This means that we combine the 
scores of all moves that they can make, and average it, allowing us to not play only based on the worst-case. 

QS 5.1: explain your new evaluation function, why do you think this new evaluation function is better compared to the previous one?
- Our new function is more aggressive and we have added a few new parameters: capsules, winning states, and losing states. We still do the 
previous rewards for food and staying away from ghosts, but we now reward for getting capsules and chasing scared ghosts. We also 
give huge bonuses if we reach a win state which makes the algorithm prefer that.
